Questions and updates for promotor :

Literature review:
1.	How many papers should we analyze? --> 15 - 20 or more
2.	How detailed should we analyze a paper? Is it just the results or also the way of how they found these results? --> 4 dimensions: research direction, results, methodology and 
3.	How many pages should the literature review consist of? --> 6-7 pages
4.	What is the scope of the literature review? For example, should we also discuss technical aspects of how a chatbot works? --> research question dependant, come up with 1-3 questions
5. 	How detailed do we need to describe what a chatbot is? Can we assume that our readers know what a chat bot is? --> no, we cannot assume that they know (half a page is enough)

General:
1.	Are there tools available that we may use to prevent plagiarism? --> will be provided
2.	How frequently is it possible to meet up? --> with mail for small questions, meeting for important ones

--------

Updates:
1.	We work with GitHub so everything is in the cloud + it is easier to work together in the same document.
2.	Mout has worked in a company that specialises in creating chatbots for businesses. This can be a source of information for questions or unclear aspects.
3.	We work in Latex instead of Word, this is easier to manage everything in GitHub.

-------

Interviews/Survey:
1.	What kind of people should we best focus on for interviews? (CTO's, marketing, ...)
2.	Will we have access to certain tools to create surveys?
3.	Through what channels do we best look for people to answer our survey? This has to be done in a statistically correct way, and since we have quite a broad audience, this seems like a challenge.
4.	Is this thesis in purpose of a particular company? If so, can we contact them through you to start doing more targeted research?


Tips:
1. 	Go for the most cited papers
2. 	Divide tasks into steps of master thesis and divide work
3. 	Find good papers and justify why we chose those papers
4. 	Find good questions for the survey and justify why we choose those questions
5. 	Pitch why we chose this topic

