Chatbots: Changing user needs and motivations

Reasons for change:
Before spring 2016, there was no real interest in chatbots. This changed because of (1) massive changes in AI and 
(2) a big change from online social networks to mobile messaging applicaties such as Facebook, Messenger, ...

The service providers tried to respond to the big transition to mobile messaging, through chatbots. 

The transition caused a major adjustment in terms of "way of using", people are not used to "chat" if they have a question or a complaint. 
They are used to emailing or filling in a form. 

According to the article, written in 2018, more than 50% of companies would 
allocate more budget to bots and chatbots than traditional app development by 2021.

Key challenges with chatbots (user-centered perspective):
(1) It is very important for chatbots to fulfull the user needs in a seamlessly and efficiently manner.
(2) Current chatbots fail to learn from retrieved information.
(3) There are a lot of companies who want to have a chatbot as soon as possible, which leads to a technology push. 
    The lack of concern of how people use chatbots leads to huge problems, because people could get frustrated whilst using the bot.

Key challenges through examples (user-centered perspective): 
(1) Ikea's chatbot: Anna. It's purpose was to answer customer questions. Customers got frustrated because the chatbot struggled in balancing human vs. robot aspects. People asked questions
    about non-business criteria (sex related, ...). Ikea forgot the real purpose of their chatbot.
(2) Microsoft's chatbot: Tay. It's purpose was to learn through interaction with Twitter users. It turned into a fiasco because people with bad intentions learned the chatbot some harsh manners.
    It got taken down in less then 24 hours because it was praising Hitler and expressing anti-femininist sentiment.

Critical succes factors for a effective and efficient chatbot:
(1) Chatbots need constant modification and maintenance is very important so that the task is handled properly. In order to assess the needs of the users there is a need for models
about the users and the context. In order to create these models there is a need to analyze the interactions of the users. 
(2) The user interface should be understable and easy to use, otherwise the user could get frustrated.
(3) The dialogue with the chatbot should start to motivate the user to targeted engagement, it is important that the experience is engaging and simple.
(4) It is important to understand the users, know their goals, know the tasks they perform, and know the context of use.
(5) It is important for the chatbot to clarify what the users could expect from te beginning.
(6) The motivation of the common user is that the chatbot should accomplisch productive tasks in an efficient and effective way. They want to make their life easier and more productive.

Different kind of chatbots:
(1) Chatbots for quick an specific tasks like ordering food, booking a flight, etc.
(2) Chatbots for long-term relationship and activities like having smalltalk.
(3) Chatbots for customer service like giving specific information about an order.

Source:
Brandtzaeg PB, Følstad A (2018) Chatbots: Changing user needs and motivations. https://www.researchgate.net/publication/327191388_Chatbots_changing_user_needs_and_motivations


