Survey on Intelligent Chatbots

What is a chatbot?
Human-computer interaction (HCI) is a technology that allows communication
between users and computers using natural language [1]. An automated conver-
sation system (chatbot) is one human-machine conversation approach that has
been designed to convince humans they are conversing with a human instead of a
machine.

Technologies used
NLP is the area of research that
explores the capability of computers to understand the human language [5]
Supervised and Unsupervised

Background of chatbots
The idea of a chatbot comes from the “imitation” game or the Turing test which
was created by Alan Turing (1950) [1]


Usage of chatbots
In the past few years, chatbots have been increasingly used by several orga-
nizations to increase the response time to customers in answering their questions
and also reduce operational costs. Chatbot applications have been used in both
the private sector, including the virtual assistants that are powered by voice (e.g.
Siri, Alexa, Google now, Cortana) and public sector gaming agencies, telecom-
munications, banking (implementing transactions), tourism (booking hotels or
tickets), media (news provision), retail, stock market and insurance companies
[16]. Additionally, governments have used chatbots on social media platforms
such as Twitter as a new form of political communication [21].


Chatbot in commerce
Thomas [37] built a chatbot that supports e-business and gives an immediate response
to customers based on the frequently asked questions (FAQs). The author used
a combination of artiﬁcial intelligent markup language (AIML) to answer gen-
eral questions and latent semantic analysis (LSA) to answer questions related to
services [37]

Sources
[1] Shawar, B.A., Atwell, E.: Diﬀerent measurements metrics to evaluate a chatbot
system. In: Proceedings of the Workshop on Bridging the Gap: Academic and
Industrial Research in Dialog Technologies, Association for Computational Lin-
guistics, pp. 89–96 (2007)

[5] de Haan, H., Snijder, J., van Nimwegen, C., Beun, R.J.: Chatbot personality and
customer satisfaction (2018)

[16] Androutsopoulou, A., Karacapilidis, N., Loukis, E., Charalabidis, Y.: Transforming
the communication between citizens and government through AI-guided chatbots.
Gov. Inf. Quart. 36, 358–367 (2018)

[21] Forelle, M., Howard, P., Monroy-Hern´andez, A., Savage, S.: Political bots and
the manipulation of public opinion in Venezuela. arXiv preprint arXiv:1507.07109
(2015)

[37] Thomas, N.: An e-business chatbot using AIML and LSA. In: 2016 Interna-
tional Conference on Advances in Computing, Communications and Informatics
(ICACCI), pp. 2740–2742. IEEE (2016)



